* Important Instructions:
1.	The eligible candidate shall fill the form online, pay the fees (Through Challan/Online Payment) & upload scan copy of orginal final year marksheet compulsory.
2.	Students are requested to fill your degree certificate application form with correct PRN, SeatNo, Mother Name, Last Passing Exam Year & Month (Not Result Declare Date) as per your final year marksheet.
3.	Students are requested to write your name in Marathi/Devnagari where specified in online form. Whatever spelling you provide in online form, same will be reflected in degree certificate.
4.	The student who have completed the degree course with one special subject and again same course with another subject will get Degree Certificate of first degree only. (B.A. to B.A., B.Sc. to B.Sc., MBA (Finance) To MBA (HR) etc.). Those students are not eligible for second Degree Certificate.
5.	All Ph.D/M.Phil students from all faculties should fill online application with all details as per Declaration.
6.	Don't send hard copy of the Application Form to Savitribai Phule Pune University / Student Facilitation Center (SFC) / College.
7.	The fee once paid will not be refundable for any reason.
How to Apply
1.	
Please calculate the fee for Application Form on the website or click here.
2.	Following methods of Payment are available:
A. Direct cash Deposit through Challan
    (at Bank of Maharashtra/HDFC Bank)
B. Online Payment through Credit/Debit card/Net Banking
3.	If you select payment method as “ Cash ”, Online challan get generated after submitting the application form.
Student should submit this Challan at Cash Counter of any branch of selected Bank (Bank of Maharashtra / HDFC bank).
4.	If you select Payment Method as "Online payment", You will be transferred to University Payment Gateway, where you can pay the fee through any Master/Visa Credit/Debit Card.  
5.	
To apply for Convocation Degree Certificate, Student should register himself on website.  Click on “New User” Link of Home Page.

6.	User can choose his/her own username and password. If selected Username is available, it will be allocated and the same username & password will be mailed to your specified email id as well for your reference. It is essential for the candidate to remember his/her Login name and Password for further transactions.
7.	After Successful creation of an Account user can proceed to the online convocation Application system by clicking on “Online Application Form” link
8.	Clicking on this link will open Online Application form for Convocation

Fill in the correct and complete information in this form. (User should fill up the Name as per the University Mark Statement ONLY.) Please Note that Address provided by you in the application form should be correct as your degree certificate will be sent by post at this address only.
9.	After entering all correct and complete information click on “Submit” button to proceed further.
10.	If correct information is provided you will be redirected to the print preview page. This is Just Preview Page for your reference and for correcting any incorrect information entered. Please do not print this page as this is just a ‘Preview Page’ for corrections!
11.	Please check accuracy of filled information. To change any incorrect information click on “update” button.
12.	When information published in preview is correct, click on “Confirm and Print” to get the print of the application form.
13.	Please Note After Clicking “Confirm and print” you cannot update/change the information provided. University will receive your information only after clicking of “Confirm and Print”
14.	Print the application. This is your receipt of online submission of convocation form. Please take printout and keep it for your reference.
Once application is received online at the respective department, it will be verified and processed by department.

